feat: Implement audit log events (#1932)
Pycord-Development/pycord: docs/faq.rst

Is there an event for audit log entries being created?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> As of version 2.4.x, it's now possible via the :func:`on_audit_log_entry` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 2.4.x, you can recieve audit log entries with the :func:`on_audit_log_entry` event.
```

> As of version 2.4.x, you can recieve audit log entries with the :func:`on_audit_log_entry` event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of version 2.5, you can receive audit log entries with the :func:`on_audit_log_entry` event.
```

version + typo
